hi guys just a quick video because it's
like um like midnight here in UK where I
live so just quick video on how to take
your petrol tank off a suzuki bandit 600
or any other bandit I don't know exactly
and so yeah first off and take seat take
the off the bike there will be two bolts
here through the tank and into the metal
yeah unscrew those I'll just see if I
can find them it will be two bolts like
this that goes through this and into
there and also through the tank so you
undo those then there'll be two little
plastic screws to take out here pop
those out so you can pop the fairing off
and then once that's done you gently
lift the tank off these rubber pads
slide off the lift up slip gently then
before you do anything and taking it up
too far maybe take maybe just prop it up
then turn the fuel to reserve or off I
don't know what will be on yours and
then you can unclip the fuel lead here
and the reservoir lead and not as
worried Garth I remember 30 tire
huh yeah so enjoy